To schedule a Python script to run multiple times a day for a specific number of days using Windows Task Scheduler, follow these steps:

1. Prepare Your Python Script:
Make sure your Python script is ready and executable. For instance, save your script as your_script.py.

2. Create a Batch File:
Create a batch file to execute your Python script. This file will be used by Windows Task Scheduler to run your script.

Open a text editor (e.g., Notepad++).

Add the following lines to the text file:

@echo off
python "C:\path\to\your_script.py"
Note: Replace C:\path\to\your_script.py with the full path to your Python script.

Save the file with a .bat extension, for example, run_script.bat.

3. Open Windows Task Scheduler:
Press Windows + R to open the Run dialog.
Type taskschd.msc and press Enter to open Task Scheduler.

4. Create a New Task:
In Task Scheduler, click on "Create Task..." in the right-hand Actions pane.

General Tab:

Name: Enter a name for your task, such as Run Python Script.
Description: Optionally, add a description.
Security Options: Choose "Run whether user is logged on or not" and check "Run with highest privileges."

Triggers Tab:

Click "New..." to create a new trigger.
Begin the task: Choose "On a schedule."
Settings: Choose "Daily."
Start: Set the start date and time for the first day.
Advanced settings: Check "Repeat task every" and set it to the interval you want (e.g., every 8 hours) and "for a duration of" 1 day. This will schedule the task to run multiple times a day for the specified number of days.

Example:
Repeat task every: 8 hours
For a duration of: 1 day
Click "OK" to save the trigger.

Actions Tab:

Click "New..." to create a new action.
Action: Choose "Start a program."
Program/script: Browse and select the batch file you created (run_script.bat).
Click "OK" to save the action.

Conditions Tab:

You can leave the default settings or adjust them according to your needs.
Settings Tab:

Allow task to be run on demand: Check this if you want to run the task manually as well.
If the task fails, restart every: Set according to your preferences.
Click "OK" to create the task.

5. Verify and Test:
Ensure that your task is listed in the Task Scheduler Library.
You can right-click the task and choose "Run" to test it immediately and ensure everything is set up correctly.

Summary:
Create a batch file to run your Python script.
Open Windows Task Scheduler and create a new task.
Set triggers to run the script multiple times a day.
Set actions to execute the batch file.
Verify that the task runs as expected.
This setup will ensure your Python script runs three times a day for three days according to the schedule you've configured.